hi guys so I wanted to come on and do a
quick face of the day and then also
address some social media questions so
i'll start off with my face of the day
today i'm wearing the Studio Fix fluid
from Mac in NC 30 and I have that mixed
with the Missha BB cream I'm not sure
what color I'm in in that but I just
mixed them together it's going to be a
sunny day so I wanted to add some
sunscreen and the Missha BB cream has a
lot of sunscreen in it on my eyes today
i'm wearing brulee from wet and wild
coquette from mac and then i have rice
paper from mac on the lid and then in
the inner corner i'm wearing nylon from
Mac I just have winged liner I think I
used the L'Oreal hip liner today and
then for cheeks i'm wearing tarts blush
and blissful it's like a pretty peachy
color then i have hoola bronzer from
benefit to contour and then on my lips
i'm wearing makeup forever let's see
it's the Rouge artist intense in number
33 it's a really pretty pink and then i
have the liner in a teensy i believe
it's just the pink one that i have and
that's it for my face oh I do have a
highlighter on and i just used warmed
from mac and it's like a kind of like a
Goldie highlighter and then for actually
that's it for my face for the social
media questions I get some questions if
I'm on you know Facebook or Twitter or
Instagram all those social media sites I
do have a Twitter account my username
there is Risa 777 i also have an
instagram my user name on there is
brunette beauty blogger i love Instagram
it's so awesome you can just type in
whatever you want to search for so if
you like fashion or you know make up
things like that you can search pretty
much anything also I have a Facebook
page and all you have to do is type in
brunette beauty blogger for that there's
lots of you know updates more updates on
there than I have you know most other
places then i also have a blog which the
blog address is WWE brunette beauty
blogger blogspot com
and then if you want to send me a
personal email you can do that we have
questions or if you just want to send me
you know personal email my email address
is brunette beauty blogger at gmail com
so those are all the places that you can
find me come say hi or if you have like
a comment or question that needs like
urgent attention you can pretty much
asked me in any of those places I check
them periodically throughout the day
it's just easier for me to answer
because when I'm on youtube I have to go
to a computer to be able to answer the
question so that's it i hope you guys
are having a happy first day of summer
it's beautiful here today it's going to
be about 80 which is awesome i live in
washington and it's been really gloomy
it rains most of the time so when it's
sunny here we're pretty lucky and
everybody's in a good mood so thank you
guys so much for watching if you have
any questions please post them below i
will post all of the links to all of my
places all of my social media sites and
then i'll also post my makeup products
of the day so thanks guys so much for
watching and i will see you soon bye